what are you gonna to name the skiddo
skiddo simple coming in today
come on sigh person on desk you know
what some talk yesterday they kissed
don't see me could really not going to
talk so debacle just a doggone each in
the gentle netbook anonymous only
pointed edges color which are to say
anything fake institution for most
emerging chapter katakana degree not a
schedule automaton to keep pocket dick
tip to move us this is a critique
innovative Anna he seems accurate
autonomous I do eugenic not my unit
parameter
I mean know what's good to me to decide
don't know cannot save up another may
not see and a teacher to make a mini
it's good to yourself it's me but I
don't know Tara forgot to cosmos